feat(v3)!: Remove all SQLAlchemy modules in favor of direct advanced-alchemy imports (#4340)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/release-notes/2.x-changelog.rst

        A :class:`SQLAlchemyInitPlugin <litestar.contrib.sqlalchemy.plugins.SQLAlchemyInitPlugin>` was added,
        providing support for managed synchronous and asynchronous sessions.

        .. note::

>             SQLAlchemy documentation was available in v2 but SQLAlchemy support was removed in v3.

Author: ```suggestion
            SQLAlchemy documentation was available in v2 but SQLAlchemy support was moved into a standalone library in v3.
```
